docs: oauth getting started (#2129)
ory/docs: docs/oauth2-oidc/get-started/index.mdx

---
id: index
title: OAuth2 & OpenID Connect
sidebar_label: Get started
---

> This guide covers the essential setup and implementation details for adding OAuth2 authorization flows to your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers the essential setup and implementation details for adding OAuth2 & OpenID Connect flows to your application.
```

## This guide is for you if:

1. You want to implement OAuth2 authorization in your applications
2. You want to quickly setup Ory's OAuth2 server

> 

Reviewer: There are more use cases here:

* Customer is migrating from Auth0 or another OAuth2/OpenID Connect-based authentication solution
* Customer is using a standard library for auth that uses OAuth2 / OpenID Connect (NextAuth, Auth.js, Passport.js, ...)
